#CSC104 W4 
W4 Final Project: HTML README
The website I created is called Kpop Fan Chants.  For the website I created a headline that reads "Welcome to K-Pop Fan Chants!" and a 2nd headline that reads "Your go-to source for all K-Pop fan chants.  I have included some text about the page in the main body of the page.  The alphabetical letters on the left side of the page are links that when clicked will take the user to the fan chant listing.  Each link coinsides with a K-Pop group, for example to access fan chants for the K-Pop female group ITZY, the user would click on the letter "I".  To find fan chants for the female K-Pop group 2NE1, the user would click "number".  I have also included a "request fan chant" button that when the user hovers the background color changes and when clicked will direct the user to a form to submit a request for a fan chant that they would like to see. I am not sure how to create a form so for now there is no form. The user would only see a statement about submitting a form request. The link for the first letter "A" navigates to a dummy page where the user would see a listing of Kpop groups or soloist. Nothing happens right now when the links are clicked but I woud like to have a box or something open up displaying some songs of the group and when a song is clicked the fan chant will display.  Please disregard the file labeled "W4 Final Project2.PNG

FINAL README
The home page has the 2 headline's in Fantasy font.  The first headline is red and the second headline is blue.  The main body font is Times New Roman and is black.  There are alphabetical links on the left side of the page that will change to a spring green color when the user hovers over them.  There is a image that says Kpop Fanchants in the upper right hand corner and in the bottom right there is a blue link to Request a Fan chant.  The background image is personal image that says "I "heart symbol" K-Pop".  The title page for this page is K-Pop Fan Chants.  When the user clicks on the letter "A" it takes them to the next page which is titled "Fan Chants".  On this page in the upper left corner is a home button which should take the user back to the main page, but for some reason I can't get the link to work.  Next are the 2 headings in the color black.  The fonts for the headings are Times New Roman.  Underneath those headings are some links to K-Pop groups.  These links only go to an example page when clicked.  In the upper right corner is an image that says "I Love Kpop and the "O" in love is replaced with a heart symbol".  The button to request a fan chant is in the lower right corner of this page. The background image on this page is also the personal image that says "I "heart symbol" K-Pop". When the user clicks the Request Fan Chant button it takes them to a page titled "Request a Fan Chant"  This page has some text that directs the user to fill out a form to request a fan chant.  There is a form with 3 fields that the user would fill out and then click submit.  There is a home button in the upper left had corner that when clicked navigates back to the home page.  There is a image of a hand making a korean heart in the upper right hand corner.  The background image on this page is also the personal image that says "I "heart symbol" K-Pop".
